Add institute settings docs page (#6212)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: docs/user-guide/institutes.md

multiple users attached. Each institute has to have a unique identifier, `institute_id`.

## Settings

> Detailed info on institute settings is available at the [institute settings documentation page](institute_settings.md).

Reviewer: Maybe keep one more non-detailed sentence on it here?

```suggestion
From the Settings page, users and admins can adapt a range of settings for the institute, allowing analysis to flow with slight differences for different institutes in the same Scout instance. 

Detailed information on institute settings is available on the [institute settings documentation page](institute_settings.md).
```
